Split-Dollar Endorsement Agreement
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into this 1st day of June, 2017 by and between Prudential Bank (hereinafter referred to as the
"Employer"), located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Jeffrey Hanuscin, (hereinafter referred to as the "Employee"), residing at 2406 Sanibel Circle,
Palmyra, NJ 08065.
ARTICLE V
"Taxes"
Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will
be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to
withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or
other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.

ARTICLE VI
"Termination of Agreement"
This Agreement may be terminated at any time while the Employee is living by written notice thereof by either the Employer or the Employee to the
other; and, in any event, this Agreement will terminate upon termination of the Employee's employment.
ARTICLE VII
"Plan Management"
For purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Employer will be the "Named Fiduciary" and Plan Administrator of the
split-dollar life insurance plan for which this Agreement is hereby designated the written plan instrument. The Employer's board of directors may
authorize a person or group of persons to fulfill the responsibilities of the Employer as Plan Administrator. The Named Fiduciary or the Plan
Administrator may employ others to render advice with regard to its responsibilities under this Plan. The Named Fiduciary may also allocate
fiduciary responsibilities to others and may exercise any other powers necessary for the discharge of its duties to the extent not in conflict with the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
This Agreement may be altered, amended or modified, including the addition of any extra policy provisions, by a written instrument signed by the
Employer and the Employee. Either party may, subject to the limitations of Article IV, assign its interest and obligations under this Agreement,
provided, however, that any assignment will be subject to the terms of this Agreement.
ARTICLE XI
"Possession of Policies"
The Employer will keep possession of the Policies. The Employer agrees from time to time to make the policies available to the Employee or to the
"Insurer" for the purpose of endorsing or filing any change of beneficiary on the Policies but the Policies will promptly be returned to the Employer.
ARTICLE XII
"Governing Law"
This Agreement sets forth the entire Agreement of the parties hereto, and any and all prior agreements, to the extent inconsistent herewith, are
hereby superseded. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania.
ARTICLE XIII
"Interpretation"
Where appropriate in this Agreement, words used in the singular will include the plural and words used in the masculine will include the feminine.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto set their hand, the Employer by its duly authorized officer, on the day and year first above
written.
