Split-Dollar Endorsement Agreement
THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into this 1st day of June, 2017 by and between Prudential Bank (hereinafter referred to as the
"Employer"), located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and Jeffrey Hanuscin, (hereinafter referred to as the "Employee"), residing at 2406 Sanibel Circle,
Palmyra, NJ 08065.
WHEREAS, the Employee has performed his duties in an efficient and capable manner; and
WHEREAS, the Employer is desirous of retaining the services of the Employee; and
WHEREAS, the Employer is desirous of assisting the Employee in obtaining life insurance on his own life; and
WHEREAS, the Employer has determined that this assistance can best be provided under a "split-dollar" arrangement; and
WHEREAS, the Employer and the Employee have applied for insurance policies issued by various insurance companies; and
WHEREAS, it is now understood and agreed that this split-dollar agreement is to be effective as of the date first listed above;
WHEREAS, it is now understood and agreed that this agreement shall supersede any previous split dollar agreements that are currently in
place between the Employer and Employee.
NOW, THEREFORE, for value received and in consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows:
ARTICLE I
"Definitions"
For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms will have the meanings set forth below:
"Base Salary" means the Employee's total base salary as of each January 1st exclusive of special payments such as bonuses or
commissions, but including any salary reductions made in accordance with Section 125 or 401(k) of the Code.
"Cash Surrender Value of the Policies" will mean the Cash Value of the Policies; plus any dividends and/or earnings added hereto; and
less any Policy Loan Balance.
"Cash Value of the Policies" will mean the cash value as calculated according to the provisions of the Policies.
"Current Loan Value of the Policies" will mean the Loan Value of the Policies reduced by any outstanding Policy Loan Balance.
"Loan Value of the Policies" will mean the amount which with loan interest and Monthly Deductions for the Cost of Insurance, plus any
applicable Surrender Charge, will equal the Cash Value of the Policies on the next loan interest due date.
"Net Amount at Risk" will mean the total face amount of the policies (including death benefit by rider if applicable) reduced by the Cash
Value of the Policies.
"Employer's Interest in the Policies" is defined in Articles IV and V.
"Policy" or "Policies" refers to the life insurance contracts listed below:

Policy Number Carrier
39132041 Mass Mutual
755073 Midland National
However, a contract will be considered part of the "Policy" only to the extent the contract is approved and issued by the Carrier. The Employer is
under no obligation to enter into a substitute contract for a contract that is not issued by the Carrier.
"Policy Loan Balance" at any time will mean policy loans outstanding plus interest accrued to date.
"Insurer" means the carrier of the Policy or Policies.
ARTICLE II
"Allocation of Gross Premium"
The Employer will pay all premiums on the Policies when due, according to the Schedule of Premiums in the Policies.
ARTICLE III
"Rights in the Policies"
The Employee will have the sole right to designate the beneficiary for the amount specified in Article IV of the death proceeds of the Policies. The
Employer will have and may exercise, except as limited hereinafter, all ownership rights in the Policies. The Employer will not take any action in
dealing with the Insurer that would impair any right or interest of the Employee in the Policies. The Employer will have the right to borrow from the
Insurer, and to secure that loan by the Policies an amount which together with the unpaid interest accrued thereon, will at no time exceed the lesser
of (a) the Employer's Interest in the Policies and (b) the Loan Value of the Policies. During the Employee's life time "The Employer's Interest In The
Policies" will mean, at any time at which the value of such interest is to be determined under this Agreement, the Cash Value of the Policies at such
time, reduced by any then outstanding Policy Loan Balance with respect to any loans made or charged automatically against the Policies by the
Employer.
ARTICLE IV
"Rights to the Proceeds at Death"
Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page
6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an
amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll
department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk.
The Employer shall be the beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the policy after the Employee's interest is determined. Within 60 days after
the death of the Employee, the Employer will provide to the "Insurer" a written statement indicating the amount of each policy's proceeds the
Employee's beneficiary is entitled to receive.
ARTICLE V
"Taxes"
Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will
be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to
withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or
other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.

ARTICLE VI
"Termination of Agreement"
This Agreement may be terminated at any time while the Employee is living by written notice thereof by either the Employer or the Employee to the
other; and, in any event, this Agreement will terminate upon termination of the Employee's employment.
ARTICLE VII
"Plan Management"
For purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, the Employer will be the "Named Fiduciary" and Plan Administrator of the
split-dollar life insurance plan for which this Agreement is hereby designated the written plan instrument. The Employer's board of directors may
authorize a person or group of persons to fulfill the responsibilities of the Employer as Plan Administrator. The Named Fiduciary or the Plan
Administrator may employ others to render advice with regard to its responsibilities under this Plan. The Named Fiduciary may also allocate
fiduciary responsibilities to others and may exercise any other powers necessary for the discharge of its duties to the extent not in conflict with the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.
ARTICLE VIII
"Claims Procedure"
(1) Filing claims. Any insured, beneficiary or other individual (hereinafter "Claimant") entitled to benefits under the Plan or under the Policies will
file a Claim request with the Plan Administrator with respect to benefits under the Plan and with the "Insurer", with respect to benefits under the
Policies. The Plan Administrator will, upon written request of a Claimant, make available copies of any claim forms or instructions provided by the
"Insurer" or advise the Claimant where such forms or instructions may be obtained.
(2) Notification to Claimant. If a claim request is wholly or partially denied, the Plan Administrator will furnish to the Claimant a notice of the
decision within 90 days in writing and in a manner calculated to the understood by the Claimant, which notice will contain the following
information:
(a) The specific reason or reasons for the denial;
(b) Specific reference to the pertinent Plan provisions upon which the denial is based;
(c) A description of any additional material or information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the Claim and an explanation of why such
material or information is necessary; and
(d) An explanation of the Plan's claims review procedure describing the steps to be taken by a Claimant who wishes to submit his claim for
review.
This Agreement may be altered, amended or modified, including the addition of any extra policy provisions, by a written instrument signed by the
Employer and the Employee. Either party may, subject to the limitations of Article IV, assign its interest and obligations under this Agreement,
provided, however, that any assignment will be subject to the terms of this Agreement.
ARTICLE XI
"Possession of Policies"
The Employer will keep possession of the Policies. The Employer agrees from time to time to make the policies available to the Employee or to the
"Insurer" for the purpose of endorsing or filing any change of beneficiary on the Policies but the Policies will promptly be returned to the Employer.
ARTICLE XII
"Governing Law"
This Agreement sets forth the entire Agreement of the parties hereto, and any and all prior agreements, to the extent inconsistent herewith, are
hereby superseded. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania.
ARTICLE XIII
"Interpretation"
Where appropriate in this Agreement, words used in the singular will include the plural and words used in the masculine will include the feminine.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have hereunto set their hand, the Employer by its duly authorized officer, on the day and year first above
written.
Policy Number Carrier 39132041 Mass Mutual 755073 Midland National However, a contract will be considered part of the "Policy" only to the extent the contract is approved and issued by the Carrier. The Employer is under no obligation to enter into a substitute contract for a contract that is not issued by the Carrier. "Policy Loan Balance" at any time will mean policy loans outstanding plus interest accrued to date. "Insurer" means the carrier of the Policy or Policies. ARTICLE II "Allocation of Gross Premium" The Employer will pay all premiums on the Policies when due, according to the Schedule of Premiums in the Policies. ARTICLE III "Rights in the Policies" The Employee will have the sole right to designate the beneficiary for the amount specified in Article IV of the death proceeds of the Policies. The Employer will have and may exercise, except as limited hereinafter, all ownership rights in the Policies. The Employer will not take any action in dealing with the Insurer that would impair any right or interest of the Employee in the Policies. The Employer will have the right to borrow from the Insurer, and to secure that loan by the Policies an amount which together with the unpaid interest accrued thereon, will at no time exceed the lesser of (a) the Employer's Interest in the Policies and (b) the Loan Value of the Policies. During the Employee's life time "The Employer's Interest In The Policies" will mean, at any time at which the value of such interest is to be determined under this Agreement, the Cash Value of the Policies at such time, reduced by any then outstanding Policy Loan Balance with respect to any loans made or charged automatically against the Policies by the Employer. ARTICLE IV "Rights to the Proceeds at Death" Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk. The Employer shall be the beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the policy after the Employee's interest is determined. Within 60 days after the death of the Employee, the Employer will provide to the "Insurer" a written statement indicating the amount of each policy's proceeds the Employee's beneficiary is entitled to receive. ARTICLE V "Taxes" Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.

Policy Number Carrier 39132041 Mass Mutual 755073 Midland National However, a contract will be considered part of the "Policy" only to the extent the contract is approved and issued by the Carrier. The Employer is under no obligation to enter into a substitute contract for a contract that is not issued by the Carrier. "Policy Loan Balance" at any time will mean policy loans outstanding plus interest accrued to date. "Insurer" means the carrier of the Policy or Policies. ARTICLE II "Allocation of Gross Premium" The Employer will pay all premiums on the Policies when due, according to the Schedule of Premiums in the Policies. ARTICLE III "Rights in the Policies" The Employee will have the sole right to designate the beneficiary for the amount specified in Article IV of the death proceeds of the Policies. The Employer will have and may exercise, except as limited hereinafter, all ownership rights in the Policies. The Employer will not take any action in dealing with the Insurer that would impair any right or interest of the Employee in the Policies. The Employer will have the right to borrow from the Insurer, and to secure that loan by the Policies an amount which together with the unpaid interest accrued thereon, will at no time exceed the lesser of (a) the Employer's Interest in the Policies and (b) the Loan Value of the Policies. During the Employee's life time "The Employer's Interest In The Policies" will mean, at any time at which the value of such interest is to be determined under this Agreement, the Cash Value of the Policies at such time, reduced by any then outstanding Policy Loan Balance with respect to any loans made or charged automatically against the Policies by the Employer. ARTICLE IV "Rights to the Proceeds at Death" Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk. The Employer shall be the beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the policy after the Employee's interest is determined. Within 60 days after the death of the Employee, the Employer will provide to the "Insurer" a written statement indicating the amount of each policy's proceeds the Employee's beneficiary is entitled to receive. ARTICLE V "Taxes" Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.
Policy Number Carrier 39132041 Mass Mutual 755073 Midland National However, a contract will be considered part of the "Policy" only to the extent the contract is approved and issued by the Carrier. The Employer is under no obligation to enter into a substitute contract for a contract that is not issued by the Carrier. "Policy Loan Balance" at any time will mean policy loans outstanding plus interest accrued to date. "Insurer" means the carrier of the Policy or Policies. ARTICLE II "Allocation of Gross Premium" The Employer will pay all premiums on the Policies when due, according to the Schedule of Premiums in the Policies. ARTICLE III "Rights in the Policies" The Employee will have the sole right to designate the beneficiary for the amount specified in Article IV of the death proceeds of the Policies. The Employer will have and may exercise, except as limited hereinafter, all ownership rights in the Policies. The Employer will not take any action in dealing with the Insurer that would impair any right or interest of the Employee in the Policies. The Employer will have the right to borrow from the Insurer, and to secure that loan by the Policies an amount which together with the unpaid interest accrued thereon, will at no time exceed the lesser of (a) the Employer's Interest in the Policies and (b) the Loan Value of the Policies. During the Employee's life time "The Employer's Interest In The Policies" will mean, at any time at which the value of such interest is to be determined under this Agreement, the Cash Value of the Policies at such time, reduced by any then outstanding Policy Loan Balance with respect to any loans made or charged automatically against the Policies by the Employer. ARTICLE IV "Rights to the Proceeds at Death" Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk. The Employer shall be the beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the policy after the Employee's interest is determined. Within 60 days after the death of the Employee, the Employer will provide to the "Insurer" a written statement indicating the amount of each policy's proceeds the Employee's beneficiary is entitled to receive. ARTICLE V "Taxes" Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.
Policy Number Carrier 39132041 Mass Mutual 755073 Midland National However, a contract will be considered part of the "Policy" only to the extent the contract is approved and issued by the Carrier. The Employer is under no obligation to enter into a substitute contract for a contract that is not issued by the Carrier. "Policy Loan Balance" at any time will mean policy loans outstanding plus interest accrued to date. "Insurer" means the carrier of the Policy or Policies. ARTICLE II "Allocation of Gross Premium" The Employer will pay all premiums on the Policies when due, according to the Schedule of Premiums in the Policies. ARTICLE III "Rights in the Policies" The Employee will have the sole right to designate the beneficiary for the amount specified in Article IV of the death proceeds of the Policies. The Employer will have and may exercise, except as limited hereinafter, all ownership rights in the Policies. The Employer will not take any action in dealing with the Insurer that would impair any right or interest of the Employee in the Policies. The Employer will have the right to borrow from the Insurer, and to secure that loan by the Policies an amount which together with the unpaid interest accrued thereon, will at no time exceed the lesser of (a) the Employer's Interest in the Policies and (b) the Loan Value of the Policies. During the Employee's life time "The Employer's Interest In The Policies" will mean, at any time at which the value of such interest is to be determined under this Agreement, the Cash Value of the Policies at such time, reduced by any then outstanding Policy Loan Balance with respect to any loans made or charged automatically against the Policies by the Employer. ARTICLE IV "Rights to the Proceeds at Death" Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk. The Employer shall be the beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the policy after the Employee's interest is determined. Within 60 days after the death of the Employee, the Employer will provide to the "Insurer" a written statement indicating the amount of each policy's proceeds the Employee's beneficiary is entitled to receive. ARTICLE V "Taxes" Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.
Policy Number Carrier 39132041 Mass Mutual 755073 Midland National However, a contract will be considered part of the "Policy" only to the extent the contract is approved and issued by the Carrier. The Employer is under no obligation to enter into a substitute contract for a contract that is not issued by the Carrier. "Policy Loan Balance" at any time will mean policy loans outstanding plus interest accrued to date. "Insurer" means the carrier of the Policy or Policies. ARTICLE II "Allocation of Gross Premium" The Employer will pay all premiums on the Policies when due, according to the Schedule of Premiums in the Policies. ARTICLE III "Rights in the Policies" The Employee will have the sole right to designate the beneficiary for the amount specified in Article IV of the death proceeds of the Policies. The Employer will have and may exercise, except as limited hereinafter, all ownership rights in the Policies. The Employer will not take any action in dealing with the Insurer that would impair any right or interest of the Employee in the Policies. The Employer will have the right to borrow from the Insurer, and to secure that loan by the Policies an amount which together with the unpaid interest accrued thereon, will at no time exceed the lesser of (a) the Employer's Interest in the Policies and (b) the Loan Value of the Policies. During the Employee's life time "The Employer's Interest In The Policies" will mean, at any time at which the value of such interest is to be determined under this Agreement, the Cash Value of the Policies at such time, reduced by any then outstanding Policy Loan Balance with respect to any loans made or charged automatically against the Policies by the Employer. ARTICLE IV "Rights to the Proceeds at Death" Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk. The Employer shall be the beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the policy after the Employee's interest is determined. Within 60 days after the death of the Employee, the Employer will provide to the "Insurer" a written statement indicating the amount of each policy's proceeds the Employee's beneficiary is entitled to receive. ARTICLE V "Taxes" Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.
Policy Number Carrier 39132041 Mass Mutual 755073 Midland National However, a contract will be considered part of the "Policy" only to the extent the contract is approved and issued by the Carrier. The Employer is under no obligation to enter into a substitute contract for a contract that is not issued by the Carrier. "Policy Loan Balance" at any time will mean policy loans outstanding plus interest accrued to date. "Insurer" means the carrier of the Policy or Policies. ARTICLE II "Allocation of Gross Premium" The Employer will pay all premiums on the Policies when due, according to the Schedule of Premiums in the Policies. ARTICLE III "Rights in the Policies" The Employee will have the sole right to designate the beneficiary for the amount specified in Article IV of the death proceeds of the Policies. The Employer will have and may exercise, except as limited hereinafter, all ownership rights in the Policies. The Employer will not take any action in dealing with the Insurer that would impair any right or interest of the Employee in the Policies. The Employer will have the right to borrow from the Insurer, and to secure that loan by the Policies an amount which together with the unpaid interest accrued thereon, will at no time exceed the lesser of (a) the Employer's Interest in the Policies and (b) the Loan Value of the Policies. During the Employee's life time "The Employer's Interest In The Policies" will mean, at any time at which the value of such interest is to be determined under this Agreement, the Cash Value of the Policies at such time, reduced by any then outstanding Policy Loan Balance with respect to any loans made or charged automatically against the Policies by the Employer. ARTICLE IV "Rights to the Proceeds at Death" Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk. The Employer shall be the beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the policy after the Employee's interest is determined. Within 60 days after the death of the Employee, the Employer will provide to the "Insurer" a written statement indicating the amount of each policy's proceeds the Employee's beneficiary is entitled to receive. ARTICLE V "Taxes" Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.
Policy Number Carrier 39132041 Mass Mutual 755073 Midland National However, a contract will be considered part of the "Policy" only to the extent the contract is approved and issued by the Carrier. The Employer is under no obligation to enter into a substitute contract for a contract that is not issued by the Carrier. "Policy Loan Balance" at any time will mean policy loans outstanding plus interest accrued to date. "Insurer" means the carrier of the Policy or Policies. ARTICLE II "Allocation of Gross Premium" The Employer will pay all premiums on the Policies when due, according to the Schedule of Premiums in the Policies. ARTICLE III "Rights in the Policies" The Employee will have the sole right to designate the beneficiary for the amount specified in Article IV of the death proceeds of the Policies. The Employer will have and may exercise, except as limited hereinafter, all ownership rights in the Policies. The Employer will not take any action in dealing with the Insurer that would impair any right or interest of the Employee in the Policies. The Employer will have the right to borrow from the Insurer, and to secure that loan by the Policies an amount which together with the unpaid interest accrued thereon, will at no time exceed the lesser of (a) the Employer's Interest in the Policies and (b) the Loan Value of the Policies. During the Employee's life time "The Employer's Interest In The Policies" will mean, at any time at which the value of such interest is to be determined under this Agreement, the Cash Value of the Policies at such time, reduced by any then outstanding Policy Loan Balance with respect to any loans made or charged automatically against the Policies by the Employer. ARTICLE IV "Rights to the Proceeds at Death" Upon the death of the Employee while this Agreement is in force, the Employee's beneficiary as named in the Beneficiary Designation Form on page 6 (or as it may be amended according to the terms set forth on page 6) for this Agreement will be entitled to receive from the Policy proceeds an amount equal to the lesser of: (a) (two (2) times the Employee's annualized base salary at the time of death as provided by the Employer's payroll department) plus $100,000, reduced by any amount payable under the Employer's group term life insurance plan, or (b) the Net Amount At Risk. The Employer shall be the beneficiary of the remaining death proceeds of the policy after the Employee's interest is determined. Within 60 days after the death of the Employee, the Employer will provide to the "Insurer" a written statement indicating the amount of each policy's proceeds the Employee's beneficiary is entitled to receive. ARTICLE V "Taxes" Any income or employment taxes due for a year on the value of current life insurance coverage provided to the Employee under this Agreement will be the responsibility of the Employee. To the extent that the value of current life insurance coverage is taxable income, it will be subject to withholding requirements and will be reported as income by the Employer to the IRS and state-taxing authorities on the Employee's W-2 Form or other IRS or state-required reporting form to the extent required by law.
